
City of Joy - Simple English Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
City of Joy
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
					Jump to:					navigation, 					search
City of Joy is a 1985 book by French author and journalist Dominique Lapierre. It was made into a 1991 movie by Roland Joffe. It is based on the lives of people in a slum in Kolkata. The slum is called "City of Joy". A Polish Catholic priest and a rickshaw driver are two of the main characters.
Other websites[change | change source]
City of Joy Aid
 This short article about literature can be made longer. You can help Wikipedia by adding to it.
						Retrieved from "http://simple.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=City_of_Joy&oldid=4487329"					
Categories: French literature1985 booksHidden category: Literature stubs 

Changed in version 2.3: The protocol parameter was added.

pickle.loads(string)
Read a pickled object hierarchy from a string. Characters in the string past the pickled object’s representation are ignored.

The pickle module also defines three exceptions:

exception pickle.PickleError
A common base class for the other exceptions defined below. This inherits from Exception.

exception pickle.PicklingError
This exception is raised when an unpicklable object is passed to the dump() method.

exception pickle.UnpicklingError
This exception is raised when there is a problem unpickling an object. Note that other exceptions may also be raised during unpickling, including (but not necessarily limited to) AttributeError, EOFError, ImportError, and IndexError.

The pickle module also exports two callables [2], Pickler and Unpickler:

class pickle.Pickler(file[, protocol])
This takes a file-like object to which it will write a pickle data stream.

If the protocol parameter is omitted, protocol 0 is used. If protocol is specified as a negative value or HIGHEST_PROTOCOL, the highest protocol version will be used.

Changed in version 2.3: Introduced the protocol parameter.

file must have a write() method that accepts a single string argument. It can thus be an open file object, a StringIO object, or any other custom object that meets this interface.

Pickler objects define one (or two) public methods:

dump(obj)
